#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile src/requirements.in
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
apache-beam[gcp]==2.47.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
backoff==2.2.1
    # via kinto-http
billiard==4.1.0
    # via celery
build==1.0.3
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-auth
celery[redis]==5.3.4
    # via -r src/requirements.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via apache-beam
crcmod==1.7
    # via apache-beam
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-beam
django==4.2.6
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
django-cors-headers==4.3.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
django-filter==23.3
    # via -r src/requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via pymongo
docopt==0.6.2
    # via hdfs
fastavro==1.9.0
    # via apache-beam
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
google-api-core[grpc]==2.12.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-apitools==0.5.31
    # via apache-beam
google-auth==2.23.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigquery==3.13.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.22.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigtable==2.21.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-core==2.3.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-spanner
google-cloud-datastore==2.18.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-dlp==3.12.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-language==2.11.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-pubsub==2.18.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
google-cloud-pubsublite==1.8.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-recommendations-ai==0.10.5
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-spanner==3.40.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-videointelligence==2.11.4
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-vision==3.4.5
    # via apache-beam
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.6.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.61.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.6
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.59.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.59.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
hdfs==2.7.3
    # via apache-beam
httplib2==0.21.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
idna==3.4
    # via requests
kinto-http==11.0.1
    # via -r src/requirements.in
kombu==5.3.2
    # via celery
markdown==3.5.1
    # via -r src/requirements.in
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   pyarrow
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via google-apitools
objsize==0.6.1
    # via apache-beam
orjson==3.9.10
    # via apache-beam
overrides==6.5.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsublite
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.22.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==4.22.5
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r src/requirements.in
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via apache-beam
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pydot==1.4.2
    # via apache-beam
pymongo==4.5.0
    # via apache-beam
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   pydot
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   celery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   djangorestframework
redis==4.6.0
    # via celery
regex==2023.10.3
    # via apache-beam
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   hdfs
    #   kinto-http
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   google-apitools
    #   hdfs
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   django
    #   google-cloud-spanner
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   asgiref
tzdata==2023.3
    # via celery
unidecode==1.3.7
    # via kinto-http
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.9
    # via prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.41.3
    # via pip-tools
zstandard==0.21.0
    # via apache-beam

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
